First time we met David, we were in chains.
I'd seen a lot of things during my time as a guard.
But nothing, like the piece that you all had.
Prison chains may be strong, but we all had something much stronger.
But we had to work for that piece.
Right Phil?
That's right.
See, there was a misunderstanding.
That got blown all out of proportion, and I didn't handle it the best.
The more I tried to defend myself, the worse it became.
Brothers, there must be some mistake.
This isn't true. You know me.
I wasn't prepared for how far I would go.
There's one more announcement.
Brother Philip Kim is no longer serving as an elder.
That brings our meeting to you.
The next few months were a real struggle.
But when more details came to light, I thought I'd be reappointed.
But I wasn't.
I couldn't understand why.
I felt bitterness growing inside.
Everything became about me, how I felt, what I deserved.
It was like a fog that stopped me from seeing what Jehovah deserved.
And I really needed his help.
I found comfort and accounts of Jehovah's servants were either misunderstood or misjudged,
but maintained their loyalty to him.
They helped me realize that it's a privilege just to be in Jehovah's organization.
Being at peace with my brothers was more important than any appointed position.
Without peace, I don't know how we could have managed what was to come.
Or I'd throw out his fat today.
And I'll be your secretary, just like Barrick was the Jeremiah.
I don't know what I'd do without you.